Article I: Membership and Meetings
  Section 1: Membership
    1. Membership in the Mallet Assembly shall be open to all individuals, without regard to race, ethnicity, religious affliation, sex, gender, sexual orientation, disability status, age, or national origin.
    2. A Member of the Assembly shall be anyone who has been admitted by a majority vote of the Admissions Committee and is in good standing with the Assembly.
    3. An Active Member of the Assembly shall be any Member of the Assembly who owes no fines, fees, or dues to the Assembly, and has paid that semester's dorm dues. Active Membership in the Assembly extends until the deadline for dorm dues of the next semester.
    4. An Ex Officio Member of the Assembly is one who is considered a Member of the Assembly by virtue of occupying a place on the Executive Committee or Board of Governors. An Ex Officio Member is only considered a Member of the Assembly for the duration of their occupation of the office granting that status. They are not and may not become Active Members of the Assembly, except by first becoming a Member of the Assembly through the admissions process.
  Section 2: Meetings
    1. Dorm Meetings are the principle governing meetings of the Assembly, and shall be convened once every two weeks.
    2. A schedule of Dorm Meetings for the semester shall be publicly posted at the beginning of each semester.
    3. The President of the Assembly shall preside over Dorm Meetings. If the President is unavailable, the meeting shall be conducted by the highest ordered officer in attendence as listed in this document. In the absence of all Officers of the Assembly, the Assembly shall panic.
    3. Dorm Meetings of the Assembly shall be open only to Members of the Assembly. No non-Member of the Assembly shall be allowed to speak at or attend a Dorm Meeting, except with special permission of the Executive Committee.
    4. Any Member of the Assembly may speak at Dorm Meetings. Only Active Members may vote at Dorm Meetings. No absentee votes shall be cast.
    5. No dorm meeting shall procede without a quorum of Active Members. A quorum shall be defined as one-third (1/3) of Active Members. The suggestion of a possible absence of a quorum shall be raised immediately upon suspicion thereof.  The presiding officer shall make a determination of the existence of a quorum. Failure to suggest an absence of a quorum invalidates all business conducted since the last known presence of a quorum.
